#labels Phase-Requirements,Phase-Implementation,Phase-Deploy
=UploadHelper=

  Written by tyllrxs@gmail.com (RYGH BBS id: tyllr)
  you can freely modify or redistribute it within GPL v2 License
  
----

==Introduction==

A powerful tool for uploading files to RYGH BBS (http://bbs.fudan.edu.cn/). 

This is an open-source, cross-platform program to simplify the uploading work.

UploadHelper shares the joy of uploading:)

  * Multiple files uploading simutaneously;

  * Drag&drop operation style;

  * Reship webpage fraction just by one-click. 

----

==INSTALLATION GUIDE==

===Preinstall===

Make sure all these requirements are installed:

1) Python (Of course, but <= 2.7, not >= 3.0)

Python is a programming language that lets you work more quickly and integrate your systems more effectively. 

http://www.python.org/


2) wxPython (>= 2.8)

A blending of the wxWidgets C++ class library with the Python programming language.

http://www.wxpython.org/


3) PIL (Python Imaging Library)
 
The Python Imaging Library (PIL) adds image processing capabilities to your Python interpreter. This library supports many file formats, and provides powerful image processing and graphics capabilities.

http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/


4) ExifTool by Phil Harvey

ExifTool is a platform-independent Perl library plus a command-line application for reading, writing and editing meta information in a wide variety of files. 

http://www.sno.phy.queensu.ca/~phil/exiftool/


*** FOR Ubuntu users ***

You can do all above just by typing in terminal:
{{{
$ sudo apt-get install python python-wxgtk2.8 python-imaging libimage-exiftool-perl
}}}
OK, everything is done. So easy? Yep:)


===Install===
{{{
$ tar -zxvf uploadhelper.tar.gz
$ cd uploadhelper
$ chmod +x ./uploadhelper
$ ./uploadhelper
}}}

UploadHelper should be running now! Enjoy this :)